README.md, before:

# smol

A minimal, monospaced blogging theme for Hugo that respects your privacy and is easy on your bandwidth. A demo can be found at https://smol-demo.morph.sh.

smol is based on [Blank](https://github.com/Vimux/Blank) created by [Vimux](https://github.com/Vimux).


![Screenshot](/images/tn.png)

## Features

- No JavaScript
- No Google spyware or tracking of any kind
- No other external dependencies, embedded fonts or comment sections
- Dark mode support (depending on your OS's setting)

## Installation

In your Hugo site `themes` directory, run:

```
git clone https://github.com/colorchestra/smol
```

Next, open `config.toml` in the base of the Hugo site and ensure the theme option is set to `smol`.

```
theme = "smol"
```

Lastly, add the following lines to your `config.toml` to set site parameters and make use of all the menu entries in the header and footer sections if you need them.

```
# Parameters
[params]
    subtitle = "Your blog subtitle goes here!"
    dateFmt = "02.01.2006 15:04"

# Header
[menu]
  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "posts"
        name = "Posts"
        url = "/posts/"
        weight = 1 

  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "categories"
        name = "Categories"
        url = "/categories/"
        weight = 2 

  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "tags"
        name = "Tags"
        url = "/tags/"
        weight = 3

# Footer
  [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Github"
        url = "https://github.com/example"
        weight = 1 

    [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Mastodon"
        url = "https://example.com/@user"
        weight = 2 

    [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Imprint"
        url = "/imprint"
        weight = 3 

```

For more information read the official [quick start guide](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/) of Hugo.

## Optional features
### Custom copyright text
Add `copyright = "Your text here"` - in the config.toml to change the copyright notice in the footer.

### Image captions
You can add captions to images (technically using `<figcaption>` HTML tags) by adding titles, like so: `![Alt text here](/path/to/image.png "Put your caption here!")`

## Contributing

Have you found a bug or got an idea for a new feature? Feel free to use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/issues) to let me know. Or make directly a [pull request](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/pulls).

## License

This theme is released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Updated Readme, Prettify CSS
The CSS was difficult to read, so I ran Prettify on it. The Readme was
also updated with my intents for the theme. Stands to be seen if I do
anything with it, though. Hopefully will have time to noodle with it.

README.md, after:

# bb

A minimal theme based off of [smol](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol). It
remains to be seen whether or not I'll update this in any meaningful way, but
wanted to have it logged somewhere, just in case.

My goal is to keep the features the same because fuck Google and fuck
JavaScript. People should be able to read any site they want regardless of their
bandwidth.

If you want to use my theme over `smol` replace all the references to `smol`
with `bb` in the copied documentation below.

## From smol

![Screenshot](/images/tn.png)

### Features

- No JavaScript
- No Google spyware or tracking of any kind
- No other external dependencies, embedded fonts or comment sections
- Dark mode support (depending on your OS's setting)

### Installation

In your Hugo site `themes` directory, run:

```
git clone https://github.com/colorchestra/smol
```

Next, open `config.toml` in the base of the Hugo site and ensure the theme option is set to `smol`.

```
theme = "smol"
```

Lastly, add the following lines to your `config.toml` to set site parameters and make use of all the menu entries in the header and footer sections if you need them.

```
# Parameters
[params]
    subtitle = "Your blog subtitle goes here!"
    dateFmt = "02.01.2006 15:04"

# Header
[menu]
  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "posts"
        name = "Posts"
        url = "/posts/"
        weight = 1 

  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "categories"
        name = "Categories"
        url = "/categories/"
        weight = 2 

  [[menu.main]]
        identifier = "tags"
        name = "Tags"
        url = "/tags/"
        weight = 3

# Footer
  [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Github"
        url = "https://github.com/example"
        weight = 1 

    [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Mastodon"
        url = "https://example.com/@user"
        weight = 2 

    [[menu.footer]]
        name = "Imprint"
        url = "/imprint"
        weight = 3 

```

For more information read the official [quick start guide](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/) of Hugo.

### Optional features
#### Custom copyright text
Add `copyright = "Your text here"` - in the config.toml to change the copyright notice in the footer.

#### Image captions
You can add captions to images (technically using `<figcaption>` HTML tags) by adding titles, like so: `![Alt text here](/path/to/image.png "Put your caption here!")`

### Contributing

Have you found a bug or got an idea for a new feature? Feel free to use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/issues) to let me know. Or make directly a [pull request](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/pulls).

### License

This theme is released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/colorchestra/smol/blob/master/LICENSE).
